Make the distribution-customize-service proposal publishable (#2878)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2020/project-ideas/jenkins-distribution-customize-service.adoc

necessary. Like many projects, the Swagger UI is a good example.
We can start the backend project with SpringBoot, it might save a lot of time.

== Quickstart

> The link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/ci.jenkins.io-runner[ci.jenkins.io-runner] is a good starting poinClone the repository and follow the quickstart guide provided in the readme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/ci.jenkins.io-runner[ci.jenkins.io-runner] is a good starting point. Clone the repository and follow the quickstart guide provided in the readme.
```

The link:https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot Documentation] is a good reference to have a look at, which can give you a fair idea about the services that could be incorporarted via a REST API Interface into the project.

> The link:https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html[React Getting Started] guide is a good way to get started with getting familiar with the front end framework required for the project. You could begin by learning how the front end and backend communicate with each other and how would that work out in terms of this custom service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link:https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html[React Getting Started] guide is a good way to get familiar with the front end framework required for the project. You could begin by learning how the front end and backend communicate with each other and how would that work out in terms of this custom service.
```

necessary. Like many projects, the Swagger UI is a good example.
We can start the backend project with SpringBoot, it might save a lot of time.

== Quickstart

The link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/custom-war-packager[Custom WAR Packager for Jenkins] is a good starting point.

> * Clone the repository and build the project, Try using the `all-latest-core` folder inside the demo folder and generate your own war.

Reviewer 2: This is a bad demo to start from. Better to use other demos or projects like https://github.com/jenkinsci/ci.jenkins.io-runner or https://github.com/librecores/librecores-ci-jenkins-server which are based on CWP

Author: Okay, I put in the quick-start because it was mentioned in the document and thought it would be a good start to learn the basics. Thanks for the suggestions. Will make the changes.
